Replace `block:` with `rules:` configuration for changelog filtering (#2693)
elastic/docs-builder: docs/syntax/changelog.md

> | `:type: value` | Filter entries by type | Excludes separated types |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `:type: value` | Filter changelogs by type | Excludes separated types |
```

1. `changelog.yml` in the docset root
2. `docs/changelog.yml` relative to docset root

> The configuration can include publish rules to filter entries by type or area.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration can include publish rules to filter changelogs by their type or areas.
```

This is useful when:
- The docset has multiple products and you want a specific one
- You want to use a different product's rules than the docset default

The product ID matching is case-insensitive.

> ## Filtering entries with publish rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Filtering with publish rules
```

> You can filter changelog entries from the rendered output using the `rules.publish` configuration in your `changelog.yml` file. This is useful for hiding entries that shouldn't appear in public documentation, such as internal changes or documentation-only updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can filter changelogs from the rendered output using the `rules.publish` configuration in your `changelog.yml` file. This is useful for omitting changelogs from certain products' release notes (based on their type or area) even if the change was technically released in that context.
```

This is useful when:
- The docset has multiple products and you want a specific one
- You want to use a different product's rules than the docset default

The product ID matching is case-insensitive.

## Filtering with publish rules

You can filter changelogs from the rendered output using the `rules.publish` configuration in your `changelog.yml` file.
This is useful for hiding changelogs that shouldn't appear in public documentation, such as internal changes or documentation-only updates.

Each field supports **exclude** (block if matches) or **include** (block if doesn't match) semantics. You cannot mix both for the same field (for example, you cannot specify both `exclude_types` and `include_types`).

For areas, you can control the matching mode with `match_areas`:

> - `any` (default): block if ANY changelog area matches the list

Reviewer: Is this clearer? Just wanting to get across the 1:many situation as clearly as possible:
```suggestion
- `any` (default): block if the changelog has areas that match ANY (one or more) values in the list
```
